facing their Grim fate of being killed
by Israeli attack or starving to death
many animals are suffering in the war on
Gaza a Nim is a veterinarian in Rafa he
has converted the roof of his Clinic to
help hundreds of abandoned animals
[Music]
survive no place is safe Raf in southern
Gaza has been a major destination for
displaced people which caused a surge in
the number of refugees many of whom
particularly those coming from Northern
and Central Gaza brought their pets with
them and could not just leave them to
their fate some AIDS being allowed to
enter the strip but Security checks
delivery bottlenecks and the difficulty
of moving through the rubble of a war
zone have hindered supplies the harsh
reality of many Palestinians is that
they don't have a daily meal making it
difficult to provide for their pets
the medicine and food crisis made it
exceedingly difficult for people to keep
their pets and as a result we're
receiving daily reports of pets being
abandoned in the street by their owners
and observing increasing numbers of
abandoned
pets some animals defied all the odds
and found a home in the
shelter I felt guilty when I found out
there was a vet clinic here because I
have no idea what might happen to him
there used to get startled by loud
noises and suffer panic attacks and
start chasing his tail and throwing
himself on the ground he feared loud
noises but that doesn't come without
consequences like the people of Gaza
most surviving animals are traumatized
by the devastating impact of
War as a result of the continuous
shelling the cat is running around
constantly her psychological situation
has changed and she's acting abnormally
running around all over the place and
forcing me to look for her put her in my
lap and hold her
closely many Palestinians say they have
gained a renewed sense of responsibility
for their loved ones as well as animals
hoping for peace wherever they are an
Mahmud Al jaaz rafah in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer